hi I'm Zoe I'm one of the tri-c members
and today I'm going to show you how to
make Thai chicken noodles first of all
I'm going to use some of the same space
chicken breasts and all our chicken is a
100% British which is fantastic we've
got some instant noodles we've got
chicken stock cubes some Thai green
curry paste here which is a great store
cupboard staple some fresh limes some
lovely broccoli and some onion everyone
has their own little way of cutting the
onions this is the way I do it which I
find quite nice because it all stays
together and you can just chop it
however you want so once you've finished
chopping your onion you can start by
doing the cooking part of it which is
the fun bit and also to create some
lovely smells that would tablespoon of
oil really into your pan that's it and
then I'm going to leave that for a
couple of minutes I'm gonna start now by
chopping some of the chicken up what I
really really need to stressed you is
that you need to change your board and
make sure that you've got you know a
nice clean knife because you are
chopping something up that's raw and
obviously that's going to then go in the
pan so I'm going to change my board and
use my red board you can chop this into
strips you can chop it into chunks to be
honest it all depends how you want to do
it so that's my chicken chopped and what
I'm going to do now is that's just
cooked for a few minutes which is nice
you don't have to call oh this doesn't
have to be cooked Saul it's brown that's
perfect
your pans going to be hot so you don't
actually need to really heat that up an
awful lot again and if you've got a
lovely non-stick pan you hardly need to
use any oil as well which is great and
makes the recipe especially when you're
using it for all your family a lot more
healthier as well so just a tiny little
bit more oil back into the pan okay
chicken can go straight back into the
pan
okay and this is where you can see your
recipe really coming together with some
of the nice ingredients that you've got
what's quite nice about when you're
stir-fry chicken is it smoothly to add
some color to chicken quite often you
get people out for a meal and you get a
chicken corridor chicken tends to be the
same color just white all throughout if
you've got some lovely little bits of
brown in there and your pans nice and
warm
it does make you finish this look
absolutely lovely right so they're ready
cooked onion there we go and what I'm
going to add to a pan now is something
that gives it the real flavour of the
Thai chicken noodles which is your Thai
paste this has got loads of chili in if
you just look on the side there's a
little chili pepper there which gives
you an indication of how hot or how mild
something is and as you can see with
just the Wong chili on there that means
that this is quite mild and this is just
something that's really really aromatic
and gives you food
a lovely flavour so about half a jar in
here for the Thai paste if you're not
used to using something like this and
you've just been used to using normal
curry paste
give this a whirl because it's something
you know that might change and your
family would really like to have
something a little bit different so once
you've got your Thai paste into your pan
you can then start adding some of your
other ingredients and I'm gonna use some
of these lovely basic instant noodles
and these are really good if you want to
keep them in your store cupboard you can
use it in lots of different things and
especially if you've got children they
do like this these types of things so
just pop it into the pan just break them
up slightly and you need two of these
this recipe so do the same again okay
now although that looks quite unusual
and you think how is ever that ever
going to come together what I'm going to
do now is I'm going to put some chicken
stock in which was a chicken stock cube
just some boiling water and pour it into
the pan and you'll actually see that
this will then start breaking down and
start looking really nice and then I'm
going to add some broccoli now what I've
done with the broccoli I've just taken
the store key bits off because nobody
particularly likes to eat those and you
just really want quite small pieces so
give it a little bit of a wash and then
in key a pan okay
now I'm going to turn the heat up so
this can really start cooking that's it
that's lovely now the reason I'm putting
the fresh lime in at this stage and just
like this quite finely sliced is that it
gives it a real bite gives it a little
bit of an edge and it works fantastic
with the Thai paste so pop your lime in
looking very green but looking lovely so
once all your ingredients are started
really to come together in the pan I'm
going to cover it now and I'm going to
leave it for about five to ten minutes
just till that broccolis really steamed
and that chicken is really cooked
through
so we're gonna prepare some lime now
just to garnish it with which a lot
really nice so wedgies really do look
nice and add that last final last bit of
color and this has smelt so nice I'm
dying to give it a little bit of a try
no okay hmm
so I love like great finish now so you
can use your lime wedges and just place
them on however you like this is a great
supper idea and it's really nice served
especially in the summer months with a
cold glass of white wine